testing Ai generate subs, please disable if uncomfortable. warning is removed at 0:15
Why did I almost sing a song?
Hi Flover.
testing Ai generate subs, please disable if uncomfortable. warning is removed at 0:15
Hi.
Hi
testing Ai generate subs, please disable if uncomfortable. warning is removed at 0:15
Hi.
Hi
testing Ai generate subs, please disable if uncomfortable. warning is removed at 0:15
Hi.
1 minute 1 minute live.
testing Ai generate subs, please disable if uncomfortable. warning is removed at 0:15
Nobody is here right now.
Is nobody really here right now?
Ah nobody is here.
They're coming in.
They're here. One person joined.
Hi.
Hi. It's a 1-minute live.
We practiced and
filmed and
are practicing now
So we'll be quick oh but I forgot I
got a stye but looking like this
I'm pretty even with a stye.
What are we doing
Hi
21st
Look forward to it
Look forward to the 21st
Hmm
Let's stand this up and record
Yeah
So only our faces show
Oh my
The shadow is fine
Ah we need to move back a bit
Wait
Like this now
Oh my ah
Let's move back a little.
Not great.
Okay
It's so
disappointing.
Hi.
Unnie is briefly
in a meeting
because she has a schedule
Anyway
our comeback is soon so Flover
wait patiently.
July what?
21st.
Don't do it.
You'll get hit.
Try it. Try it.
Seriously
Just really one
Only 2 weeks left anyway.
Just one point
Just a bit
Wow really
That's enough.
Seriously
Know when to stop
Just play the song. Right here.
Anyway 30 seconds left. We have to go now.
Bye.
Okay
look forward to fromis_9's comeback.
Wow I just
have a funny story to tell.
Wow
give our new song
lots of love.
Wait.
Yeah. Why?
Nevermind. It's fine. What is it now? Making a fuss over nothing seriously
Again
3 minutes passed. We have to go. Bye.
Bye.